Domaintools Enterprise pack v1.1.6 (#35062)
demisto/content: Packs/DomainTools/ReleaseNotes/1_1_6.md

#### Integrations

##### DomainTools

> - Change test endpoint to /v1/account/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: done

> - Add app_partner, app_name, & app_version in API requests for better reporting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the following parameters to the API requests for better reporting:
  - *app_partner*
  - *app_name*
  - *app_version*
```

Author: done
